RESOURCES.md, before:

# Helpful resources
This document is a collection of helpful resources for building static sites. If you
would like to add some more resources, be sure to make a pull request to this
repository with the resources added to this file.

## More static site generators
This workshop contains instructions on how to set up a site with Jekyll. However,
there are _many_ more static site generators to choose from. [Here  you can see an extensive list of static site generators](https://jamstack.org/generators/).

Static site generators differ in their goals and programming languages they're
written in. For some examples:
 - [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) puts a big focus on making blogs work, but it's
   quite flexible otherwise as well. It's written in Ruby. [Theme gallery](https://jekyllthemes.io/)
 - [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) is designed with flexibility in mind, and is often used
   for e.g. company websites. It's written in Go. [Theme gallery](https://themes.gohugo.io/)
 - [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) makes it very easy to write documentation for
   projects. It's written in Python. [Theme
   gallery](https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs/wiki/MkDocs-Themes)
 - [Pelican](https://blog.getpelican.com/) is another blog-aware static site gen.
   It's written in Python. [Theme gallery](http://www.pelicanthemes.com/)
 - [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/) is a minimalistic static site gen, once again
   with a focus on blogs. It's written in Rust. [Theme
   gallery](https://www.getzola.org/themes/)

The process to use custom static site generators differs between GitLab and GitHub.

### GitLab
Some examples:
 - [The Math Soc SIG site](https://maasmath.eu/) uses its own custom Zola template.
   [Repository](https://gitlab.com/maasmath/site)

## HTML, CSS and Javascript
To build your own templates and to give your site a a fully personalized feel, it's
generally necessary to dive into HTML, CSS and Javascript. Here are some helpful
links:

 - [Bottom up course for HTML + CSS on
   YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu-q2zYwEYs&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ivBf_eKCPIAYXWzLlPAm6G)
 - W3 schools provide an in depth guide and documentation for
   [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) and
   [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)
 - [Codepen](https://codepen.io/) is a site full of code snippets of HTML, CSS and
   Javascript. They also provide [a list of most popular snippets in
   2020](https://codepen.io/2020/popular/pens/)

## Extra content
 - [Formspree](https://formspree.io/) provide forms which you can easily embed into your static site and redirect responses to e.g. email, Google Sheets or more.
 - [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) provide lots of royalty free pictures.

Commit message:

Add a MkDocs example for GitLab and GitHub Pages

RESOURCES.md, after:

# Helpful resources
This document is a collection of helpful resources for building static sites. If you
would like to add some more resources, be sure to make a pull request to this
repository with the resources added to this file.

## More static site generators
This workshop contains instructions on how to set up a site with Jekyll. However,
there are _many_ more static site generators to choose from. [Here  you can see an extensive list of static site generators](https://jamstack.org/generators/).

Static site generators differ in their goals and programming languages they're
written in. For some examples:
 - [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) puts a big focus on making blogs work, but it's
   quite flexible otherwise as well. It's written in Ruby. [Theme gallery](https://jekyllthemes.io/)
 - [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) is designed with flexibility in mind, and is often used
   for e.g. company websites. It's written in Go. [Theme gallery](https://themes.gohugo.io/)
 - [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) makes it very easy to write documentation for
   projects. It's written in Python. [Theme
   gallery](https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs/wiki/MkDocs-Themes)
 - [Pelican](https://blog.getpelican.com/) is another blog-aware static site gen.
   It's written in Python. [Theme gallery](http://www.pelicanthemes.com/)
 - [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/) is a minimalistic static site gen, once again
   with a focus on blogs. It's written in Rust. [Theme
   gallery](https://www.getzola.org/themes/)

The process to use custom static site generators differs between GitLab and GitHub.

### GitLab
Some examples:
 - [The Math Soc SIG site](https://maasmath.eu/) uses its own custom Zola template.
   [Repository](https://gitlab.com/maasmath/site)
 - [A very minimalistic MkDocs example](https://k-cybulski.gitlab.io/mkdocs-example/)
   on GitLab Pages. You can compare this to a similar example for GitHub Pages listed
   in the `GitHub` section: [Repository](https://gitlab.com/k-cybulski/mkdocs-example)

### GitHub
Some examples:
 - [A very minimalistic MkDocs example](https://k-cybulski.github.io/mkdocs-example/)
   on GitHub Pages. You can compare it to a similar example for GitLab pages listed
   in the `GitLab` section:
   [Repository](https://github.com/k-cybulski/mkdocs-example)

## HTML, CSS and Javascript
To build your own templates and to give your site a a fully personalized feel, it's
generally necessary to dive into HTML, CSS and Javascript. Here are some helpful
links:

 - [Bottom up course for HTML + CSS on
   YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu-q2zYwEYs&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ivBf_eKCPIAYXWzLlPAm6G)
 - W3 schools provide an in depth guide and documentation for
   [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) and
   [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)
 - [Codepen](https://codepen.io/) is a site full of code snippets of HTML, CSS and
   Javascript. They also provide [a list of most popular snippets in
   2020](https://codepen.io/2020/popular/pens/)

## Extra content
 - [Formspree](https://formspree.io/) provide forms which you can easily embed into your static site and redirect responses to e.g. email, Google Sheets or more.
 - [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) provide lots of royalty free pictures.
